eBPF socket function (#15850)
netdata/netdata: collectors/ebpf.plugin/README.md

[simple patterns](https://github.com/netdata/netdata/blob/master/libnetdata/simple_pattern/README.md). The `ports`, and `ips` settings accept negation (`!`) to deny
specific values or asterisk alone to define all values.

In the above example, Netdata will collect metrics for all ports between `1` and `1024`, with the exception of `53` (domain)
and `145`.

The following options are available:

-   `enabled`: Disable network connections monitoring. This can affect directly some funcion output.

> -   `resolve hostname ips`: This option is disabled, because it is too slow.

Reviewer: Should it also say what it does? I.e. `Enable resolving IPs to hostnames. It is disabled by default because it can be too slow`

-   `resolve service names`: Convert destination ports into service names, for example, port `53` protocol `UDP` becomes `domain`.
    all names are read from /etc/services.
-   `ports`: Define the destination ports for Netdata to monitor.
-   `hostnames`: The list of hostnames that can be resolved to an IP address.
-   `ips`: The IP or range of IPs that you want to monitor. You can use IPv4 or IPv6 addresses, use dashes to define a
    range of IPs, or use CIDR values.

The table for the traffic are created using the destination IPs and ports of the sockets by default. This can be
changed setting `resolve service names = yes`, after this Netdata will fill function tables with

> the `service name` every time that is possible to resolve them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The table for traffic is created using the destination IPs and ports of the sockets by default. This can be changed by setting `resolve service names = yes`. After this, Netdata will fill function tables with the `service name` whenever it is possible to resolve them.
```

[simple patterns](https://github.com/netdata/netdata/blob/master/libnetdata/simple_pattern/README.md). The `ports`, and `ips` settings accept negation (`!`) to deny
specific values or asterisk alone to define all values.

In the above example, Netdata will collect metrics for all ports between `1` and `1024`, with the exception of `53` (domain)
and `145`.

The following options are available:

-   `enabled`: Disable network connections monitoring. This can affect directly some funcion output.

> -   `resolve hostname ips`: nable resolving IPs to hostnames. It is disabled by default because it can be too slow.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-   `resolve hostname ips`: Enable resolving IPs to hostnames. It is disabled by default because it can be too slow.
```

-   `resolve service names`: Convert destination ports into service names, for example, port `53` protocol `UDP` becomes `domain`.
    all names are read from /etc/services.
-   `ports`: Define the destination ports for Netdata to monitor.
-   `hostnames`: The list of hostnames that can be resolved to an IP address.
-   `ips`: The IP or range of IPs that you want to monitor. You can use IPv4 or IPv6 addresses, use dashes to define a
    range of IPs, or use CIDR values.

> The table for the traffic are created using the destination IPs and ports of the sockets by default. This can be

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default the traffic table is created using the destination IPs and ports of the sockets. This can be
```

> changed setting `resolve service names = yes`, after this Netdata will fill function tables with

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
changed, so that Netdata uses service names (if possible), by specifying `resolve service names = yes` in the configuration section.
```

> the table for traffic is created using the destination IPs and ports of the sockets by default.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> This can be changed by setting `resolve service names = yes`. After this, Netdata will fill function tables with the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

> `service name` whenever it is possible to resolve them.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

dashboard

<img src="https://github.com/netdata/netdata/assets/49162938/91823573-114c-4c16-b634-cc46f7bb1bcf" alt="Threads running." />

### ebpf_socket

The eBPF plugin has a [function](https://github.com/netdata/netdata/blob/master/docs/cloud/netdata-functions.md) named

> `ebpf_socket` that shows current status of open sockets on host.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`ebpf_socket` that shows the current status of open sockets on the host.
```

#### Families

> The plugin shows by default sockets for IPV4 and IPV6, but it is possible to select a specific family passing the family

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The plugin shows by default sockets for IPV4 and IPV6, but it is possible to select a specific family by passing the family
```

as an argument:

`http://localhost:19999/api/v1/function?function=ebpf_socket%20family:IPV4`

#### Resolve

> The plugin resolves port to service name by default. You can show the port number disabling the name resolution:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The plugin resolves port to service name by default. You can show the port number by disabling the name resolution:
```

`http://localhost:19999/api/v1/function?function=ebpf_socket%20resolve:NO`

#### CIDR

> The plugin shows connection for all possible destination IP by default. You can limit the range specifying the CIDR:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The plugin shows connection for all possible destination IP by default. You can limit the range by specifying the CIDR:
```
